So, we've already looked at how we created one function which is to create Star.
Let's look at two more functions that put up StarForSale and the buyStar function.
In the put up StarForSale,
we're passing the tokenId and the price of the star that you wanted to sell as arguments.
We are first checking to make sure that the msg.center is the owner of the tokenId,
and then the owner of function is implemented.
Remember in the OpenZeppelins file, we saw that.
It is just checking the mapping to make sure the owner matches the address of the sender,
then it adds the star to the stars are mapping sale.
So, it's making sure that this is a valid person who owns the token,
and then we're adding each to our mapping that we just created right there,
so that we know that the star is up for sale.
So, this is a put up StarForSale function,
and then we have the buyStar function right there,
and what we're doing in that we're getting
that tokenId of the star that we wanted to buy.
Also, see that this function is marked payable,
since we are expecting funds to come through,
so that means we need to mark this function payable to buy the star,
and then we're checking to make sure that this tokenId star is
indeed up for sale because we definitely want to make sure that this is up for sale,
so we're looking up the mapping stars for
sale and making sure that it's greater than zero,
that means there is a price in it,
and that means it's up for sale,
and then we're also getting the star cost from the star for sale mapping.
We're also getting the star owners address.
We will need this address so that we can send the funds to.
We would also need to make sure that
the incoming funds are greater than equal to the price.
We're making sure that incoming funds are greater because you're buying this star,
you want make sure that the whatever the
msg.value is greater than the cost of the star, right?
That's the only way you can sell the star,
and once we do that and of course if it doesn't happen it's going to
throw an error and then removing the token from the existing owner,
and we saw how we implement the remove token function in our ESC 721 contract.
So, we're removing the token from the existing owner,
then we add this token to the msg.center.
Whoever is calling this function because that's the person that's buying gifts.
Now, we're sending or adding this token by doing the add token function,
and also if you see we're using the Global Transfer Function,
we learned that in the lesson on Solidity and to transfer this star cost.
So, this is the cost of the star,
we're transferring this much ether to the store owner.
What is the address? That's the address of that who's receiving the funds.
Also, there's an extra balance that came along that was sent.
We're sending it back to the person whoever sent or who is buying the star,
if there's an extra value that we sent that
was more than the cost of the star we're sending it back.
Lastly, we want to make sure that once you install this star,
we need to take it off from the mapping, stars for sale mapping.
So, we're setting it back do zero.